Uh, uh, with a single boom roasted line. So, uh, any ideas,
maybe you wanna mention malice, but any ideas come to, uh,
mind when you look at me.
Man, I, you know what, uh, if I was gonna boom, roast someone,
I would wanna kind of like research their career and dissect them and figure out
their biggest negatives, get to the core. And I did,
I didn't have that note with you. I figured I, you know,
I got a general sense of, okay. He's really successfully super sharp. Uh,
he's really interested in some really interesting things.
I bet we'll have a great conversation, but I had no intention to roast.
You. Yeah. There you go. What about malice? You had dinner with him last night.
Hmm? For him <laugh> oh man.
Um, how'd you get to know him by the way, Twitter.
Just Twitter. What's the most magical place in the world. Right? I,
I always tell people it's the greatest source of information if you know how to
use it. Um Hmm.
He's insane on Twitter.
Actually. He's quite well. So I had to unfollow him on Twitter cause he,
it was too intense. It's too, just too much. No, it's too much. It fills up.
Like I wanna be able to consume the content. So if I wanna see something,
he says, I can go to his page. Right. But it's just too much for my timeline.
I want to be able to consume who I follow.
So I try to not follow a lot of people cause I wanna be able to consume them.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> um, and he was he? Yeah, he was too much. He, yeah,
he fights the trolls, which, uh,
I don't know why we would ever fight the trolls. There's just too many of them.
Well, he's the troll.
Himself. He's like the big troll fighting the little trolls.
<laugh> he's the king troll. He.
Here's a million of em. So even if you kill, if you kill a hundred thousand,
they're still not a hundred thousand left. Yeah. They just keep.
Calling call you just gotta ignore 'em it's the like the night Walker or
whatever. Yeah. Well I'll take it cuz you had nothing. Um, you,
you couldn't rose GSP outta respect too. So I'm just gonna take that as a.
Sign of respect. Why do you say bad about GSP? I, now I try roast his hair.
Like why'd you try to grow, grow hair now after all these years. Yeah.
He looked good. Bald. Everyone loved him with his head shave. Yeah.
Now it looks kind of strange. It's like why you got hair now?
Well, it was, uh,
one of the more surreal moments of my life is so he was here and he wore a black
suit and tie. Uh oh really? Yeah. We did the podcast with him,
just mirror image of me. And then we also did, uh, I have an really, yeah,
but just the video together and us doing martial arts stuff in,
in the suit and tie. That was quite, that's funny. That was quite, uh,
that that's like, like certain moments in your life are just like,
I can't believe I was part of that. Yeah.
From, uh, with GSP. Uh, so yeah, I don't,
I don't think have anything to roast to move out. Um,
I mean maybe be the Matt Sarah thing would be the one that you get him with,
you know? But uh, yeah, I would be,
I would be really fascinated to like really dig deep, uh,
from a sports psychology standpoint because he always talks about how much fear
he had when he was competing. Yeah. And I,
and I find that to be interesting because obviously, so it's almost like to me,
it's almost like was he successful despite that? Not because of that.
Right.
And because anxiety usually is it really negative performance for the majority
of people and what was it about him that the anxiety wasn't super negative?
You know what I'm saying? Like, yeah. It's, it's very interesting.
I wonder that too. So I have, I wondered that about him, but I,
I have a huge amount of anxiety interacting,
especially with people just about everything. Yeah.
I wonder if that's helpful or, or not. It feels like it's very helpful.
Well, I, I think so. I, so okay. I think in two D so I think, uh,
probably your everyday life okay. Is different than like inner performance or,
uh, a competition.
It's you have to be like super in the moment mm-hmm <affirmative> of what you're
doing. So anything that's pulling you away, like, oh my gosh, you know,
high school kids, right. That coach mm-hmm <affirmative> oh my gosh, my,
that girls in the stands. And if I get beat then, and they're act,
they're actively thinking about this other thing.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> when this is on and I need all a hundred percent of your
focus right here. Well.
He's never, I don't think he has anxiety in the ring. That's the point?
I think like I have the same thing.
Like if I have a really high performance thing,
mm-hmm <affirmative> that I have to do, uh,
I don't know a lecture in front of a lot of people. Yeah. That would.
Be a great example.
That there's huge amount of anxiety. Weeks ahead, days ahead, hours ahead. So.
How, so you have a system to get rid of it then.
As you perform? No, I maybe, but it's just, the body gets rid of it somehow.
Yeah. There's not a system subconscious.
System. Yeah.
It's so you don't.
Preservation. You don't actually have anxiety while you are performing.
So that's like, so then, then, then that problem,
somehow that problem has solved itself. Right? The problem is when they,
anxiety is actually happening while the wrestling matches happening,
that's the real issue.
Yeah. But it it's, it like sneaks in there too.
Is that's the difference between MMA and wrestling is there's no breaks
in wrestling, right? Yes. I guess there is,
you can look at the crowd a little bit. Like you can look so maybe bound maybe,
but like the, uh, there's other things we have to perform. Well,
there's more breaks like a lecture.
You can catch yourself thinking like in this conversation, you know? Yeah.
Like I'll, I've said a bunch of stuff where I think,
why the hell did you say that <laugh> that's dumb, right.
That that's the anxiety because there's a pause mm-hmm <affirmative> and that,
that, that could be, um, I don't know. I think it just pushes me to be better,
but maybe I could be way better if I would go that. Yeah.
It's scary to think that GSB, if you let go that.
Even better or did he have a, did, did he have a, like you're saying like,
you don't necessarily feel those. So I think certain people that I've coached,
like they would describe how they would feel literally to ring the wrestling
match. Right. And you're saying like during the,
the speech performance it's mostly gone. Yep. And that's so that's,
it would be interesting to see if like, you know, he talked a lot about that,
but if it was all, if it was all the way somehow gone and he,
and it means he would have a mechanism for it.
So like I had a really bad performance,
my freshman year of high school and nationals, cuz I had,
I had the ability to be anxious and one of my coaches talked about like,
and a lot of a, a personalities are kind of that way, you know,
because they're trying to consider all possibilities at the same time. And, and,
and while we're actually performing or competing, it's negative to performance.
Right. Mm-hmm <affirmative> um,
so he said he would always leading up to the match within say an hour. He,
his thing was talking about fishing.
He would get someone to talk about fishing with him.
Cause it would stop him thinking about the match and, and being Uber anxious.
So I always,
I kind really took that heart and it really helped me as I would always like
have someone to talk to and just,
just goof around about whatever mm-hmm <affirmative>.
So I'm not thinking about this thing. And then once I step in it's time to go.
So I didn't have like anxious buildup and now it's not for me. I took it away.
But like me, you know, like you said, you have a way to get it away obviously.
Cause it's.
Yeah. I, so I guess there's little, little tricks you come up with. Yeah.
You start thinking about, it's not fishing.
Maybe I should try the fishing thing, but I hate fishing so boring.
<laugh> well maybe, maybe it's good to think about that. All right, Ben,
this is, uh, like I told you, I'm a big fan. I'm a big fan of your wrestling.
You're fighting your personality. Uh, thank you for coming down.
Thank you for talking today. Appreciate you honor. Bam. Let's go wrestle.